c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\GuiaCiudad.dll
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\GuiaCiudad.pdb
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\GuiaCiudad_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\GuiaCiudad.g.resources
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\GuiaCiudad.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\GuiaCiudad.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\GuiaCiudad.dll
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\GuiaCiudad.pdb
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\GuiaCiudad.Common.dll
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\GuiaCiudad.Common.pdb
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jsb\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\GuiaCiudad.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JSB\Documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\GuiaCiudad\GuiaCiudad\obj\Debug\views\MainPage.g.cs
